a few years ago 50 Cent's done the
gaming world by putting out a game
called bulletproof which was well a
totally broken piece of press with the
release of 50 cent blood on the sand you
kind of expect it's going to be the same
experience but you know what blood on
the scent is actually kind of fun blow
the sand is kind of like a b-movie that
you get to enjoy playing this is the
kind of game were you're almost a little
bit embarrassed be having this much fun
playing the game but you can't help
yourself most likely based on a true
story 50 cent bloodless and tells the
tale of pity and g-unit heading off to
the Middle East to do a show because you
know they're big in the Arab nations
problems arise when fitties promised
payment of Crystal Skull is stolen
everybody knows you don't steal from
fittings we will die right from the
get-go this is a game that is over the
top it isn't trying to take itself
seriously in any way the explosions are
big and fitties lines are hilarious in
fact you have your own ton button which
you can use constantly to throw out
different times and you can actually
upgrade those tongs to get even more
vulgar oh you fucked up now bitch in
fact you're encouraged to use those
times regularly because they fit into a
scoring system just as in real life 50
doesn't go and do things alone he's got
g-unit with them so you have three
members of g-unit you can choose from
whether you're playing single player
coop they each have their own vo and
then I'll actually figure into some of
the cut scenes and stuff as well which
is pretty cool that they went to the
effort of adding some variety to the
gameplay based on who you've actually
chosen as your g unit member poorest 50
game wouldn't be anything without a lot
of tracks so you're going to hear a lot
of his old tracks as well as a bunch of
new exclusive tracks that basically
weren't good enough to be on fitties new
album so this is kind of like the
b-sides blood on the sand is presented
as a cover shooter like yours award at
the idea is that you're supposed to hide
behind cover pop out shoot guys the
truth is really don't need to do that
unless you're playing on the hardest
difficulty you should be running out and
just killing guys left and right with
the game like this the gameplay is going
to get repetitive because
as not very good the enemies are very
repetitive even fitties one-liners get
old pretty quickly but the one thing
that was added that is pretty cool and I
was a pretty great idea is that there
are these challenges that show up in the
middle of battles we're saying three
snipers will appear on the roof and
you've got 20 seconds kill all three
snipers and you get a scoring bonus you
might get some extra Canadians or
something special by doing it these
challenges really keep things fresh
because it puts a little bit more stress
on getting something done quickly and
you might take risks that you wouldn't
normally take she fucking when I said
this game wasn't broken like bulletproof
I meant it it's not broken but it's not
perfect at all the AI is bad these are
some really dumb terrorists you just
kind of wander around doing nothing of
importance they don't know how to take
cover properly they're just there for
you to shoot them the cover system is
also inconsistent well you can usually
take cover behind the most objects there
are some objects in the world you would
think you can get behind but you can't
take covering the stage with us do the
rolling somersaults and worst part of
all is sometimes you're taking cover and
guys can still snipe you in the head
which is really unfair the whole point
of a cover system is that you're
supposed to be protected but of all the
bugs the one that really is detrimental
to the game is the fact that there's an
audio bug with the time though you're
still getting gameplay credit for doing
the times we're killing people sometimes
the audio cuts out completely and you
won't hear 50 talking at all developers
swordfish had a pretty good idea with
blood on the sand one get fitty cent
into a game really an idea to get
geniune into a game great idea three
make a game that's not broken brilliant
you put all those three things together
you should have a great game but
unfortunately that's pretty much as far
as swordfish ever got they clearly ran
out of creative juice which explains why
you have three boss battles in the game
and they're all against attack choppers
this is a five-hour game with no real
replay value to it and while it
certainly is enjoyable for most of those
five hours you know there could have
been a lot more to it 50 cent blood on
the sand again the guilty pleasure of
the year it's a game that you probably
want to rent rather than by but rented
you should
you